Refactor and update SNOW integration v2 docs. (#1415)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/integrations/service-now/index.html.md

This integration has been tested on the following ServiceNow server versions:

- Madrid
- New York
- Orlando

It requires the following ServiceNow Plugins as dependencies:

- Flow Designer support for the Service Catalog
- ServiceNow IntegrationHub Action Step
- ServiceNow IntegrationHub Starter Pack

## Configure Terraform Cloud

Before installing the ServiceNow integration, the Terraform Admin will need to
perform the following steps to configure and gather information from Terraform
Cloud.

1. Either [create an
   organization](../../users-teams-organizations/organizations.html#creating-organizations)
   or choose an existing organization where ServiceNow will create new
   workspaces.
   **Save the Organization Name for later.**
1. [Create a team](../../users-teams-organizations/teams.html) for that
   organization called "ServiceNow", and ensure that it has the
   organization-level ["Manage Workspaces"
   permission](../../users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#manage-workspaces).
   You do not need to add any users to this team.
1. On the "ServiceNow" team's settings page, generate a [team API
   token](../../users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html#team-api-tokens).

>    **Save the Team API Token for later.**

Author: I did leave the bits that refer to ServiceNow UI elements capitalized in the same style as the SNOW UI, eg:
```
    - Set API Team Token to the Terraform Cloud team API token.
```

Let me know if that's not right.

1. If you haven't yet done so, [connect a VCS provider](../../vcs/index.html) to
   this Terraform organization. This provider will include one or more
   repositories with Terraform configuration. Any repository that could be
   connected to a manually-created Terraform Cloud workspace can also be
   used as a workspace template in the ServiceNow integration.
1. On your organization's VCS provider settings page (Settings > VCS Providers),
   find the "OAuth Token ID" for the VCS provider or providers you will be using
   with the ServiceNow integration. Terraform Cloud uses the OAuth Token ID to
   identify and authorize the VCS provider.

>    **Save the OAuth Token ID for later.**

Reviewer: Capitalizing the "token" in OAuth token ID is correct when quoting the UI text, but not correct when just describing the object.

1. Identify one or more VCS repositories in the VCS provider containing
   Terraform configuration that will be provisioned by the ServiceNow Terraform

>    integration.

Reviewer: This would be a good place to mention that they should take note of any variables required by those configurations, since SN will need them.

1. Provide the following information to the ServiceNow Admin.
  1. The Organization Name

>   1. The Team API Token

Reviewer: nocaps on both of these

  1. The hostname of your Terraform Enterprise instance, or of Terraform Cloud.
     The hostname of Terraform Cloud is `app.terraform.io`.

>   1. The OAuth Token ID(s) and identifier(s) for the VCS repository or
>      repositories containing Terraform configuration that will be used by the
>      integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The OAuth Token ID(s) of your VCS provider(s), and the repository identifier for each VCS 
     repository containing Terraform configurations that will be used by the
     integration.
```

>   1. Any Terraform or environment variables required by the configuration in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Any Terraform or environment variables required by the configurations in the
```

     given VCS repositories.

-> **Note:** Repository identifiers are determined by your VCS provider; they
typically use a format like `<ORGANIZATION>/<REPO_NAME>` or
`<PROJECT_KEY>/<REPO_NAME>`. Azure DevOps repositories use the format
`<ORGANIZATION>/<PROJECT>/_git/<REPO_NAME>`. A GitHub repository hosted at
`https://github.com/exampleorg/examplerepo/` would have the repository
identifier `exampleorg/examplerepo`.

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

For instance, if you are configuring this integration for your company, `Example
Corp`, using two GitHub repositories, you would share values like the following
with the ServiceNow Admin.

> ![example: Configuration Values](./images/example-configuration-values.png "Example Configuration Values")

Reviewer: This example content should be provided as a textual code block, not as an image of text. (Accessibility.)

Author: Oh, that's a really good point. Fixed!

## Install the ServiceNow Integration

Before beginning setup, the ServiceNow Admin must install the Terraform
ServiceNow Catalog integration software.

This can be added to your ServiceNow instance from the [ServiceNow
Store](https://store.servicenow.com/). Search for the "Terraform" integration,
published by "HashiCorp Inc".

![Screenshot: ServiceNow Store Page](./images/service-now-store.png "Screenshot of the ServiceNow Store listing for the Terraform Integration")

## Connect ServiceNow to Terraform Cloud

-> **ServiceNow Roles:** `admin` or `x_terraform.config_user`

Once the integration is installed, the ServiceNow Admin can connect your
ServiceNow instance to Terraform Cloud. Before you begin, you will need the
information described in the "Configure Terraform Cloud" section from your
Terraform Admin.

Once you have this information, connect ServiceNow to Terraform Cloud with
the following steps.

1. Navigate to your ServiceNow Service Management Screen.
1. Using the left-hand navigation, open the configuration table for the
   integration to manage the Terraform Cloud connection.
    - Terraform > Configs
1. Click on "New" to create a new Terraform Cloud connection.

>     - Set Org Name to the name of the Terraform Cloud Organization Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set Org Name to the Terraform Cloud organization name.
```

nocaps, repetition

    - Click on the "Lock" icon to set Hostname to the hostname of your Terraform
      Enterprise instance. If you are using the SaaS version of Terraform Cloud,
      the hostname is `https://app.terraform.io`. Be sure to include "https://"
      before the hostname.

>     - Set API Team Token to the Terraform Cloud Team API Token.

Reviewer: nocaps

1. Click "Submit".

![Screenshot: ServiceNow Terraform Config](./images/service-now-config.png "Screenshot of the ServiceNow Terraform Config New Record page")

> ## Create and populate a Service Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create and Populate a Service Catalog
```

`https://github.com/exampleorg/examplerepo/` would have the repository
identifier `exampleorg/examplerepo`.

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

For instance, if you are configuring this integration for your company, `Example
Corp`, using two GitHub repositories, you would share values like the following
with the ServiceNow Admin.

![example: Configuration Values](./images/example-configuration-values.png "Example Configuration Values")

## Install the ServiceNow Integration

Before beginning setup, the ServiceNow Admin must install the Terraform
ServiceNow Catalog integration software.

This can be added to your ServiceNow instance from the [ServiceNow
Store](https://store.servicenow.com/). Search for the "Terraform" integration,
published by "HashiCorp Inc".

![Screenshot: ServiceNow Store Page](./images/service-now-store.png "Screenshot of the ServiceNow Store listing for the Terraform Integration")

## Connect ServiceNow to Terraform Enterprise

-> **ServiceNow Roles:** `admin` or `x_terraform.config_user`

Once the integration is installed, the ServiceNow Admin can connect your

> ServiceNow instance to Terraform Enterprise. Before you begin, you will need

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ServiceNow instance to Terraform Cloud. Before you begin, you will need
```

> four pieces of information from your Terraform Enterprise Admin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
four pieces of information from your Terraform Cloud Admin.
```

   1. The Organization Name.
   1. The Team API Token.

>    1. The hostname of your Terraform Enterprise instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. The hostname of your Terraform Cloud instance.
```

   1. The OAuth Token ID(s) and repository identifier(s) for the version control
      repository or repositories containing Terraform configuration to be
      deployed via ServiceNow.

> Once you have this information, connect ServiceNow to Terraform Enterprise with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have this information, connect ServiceNow to Terraform Cloud with
```

the following steps.

1. Navigate to your ServiceNow Service Management Screen.
1. Using the left-hand navigation, open the configuration table for the

>    integration to manage the Terraform Enterprise connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   integration to manage the Terraform Cloud connection.
```

    - Terraform > Configs

> 1. Click on "New" to create a new Terraform Enterprise connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click on "New" to create a new Terraform Cloud connection.
```

>     - Set Org Name to the name of the Terraform Enterprise Organization Name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Set Org Name to the name of the Terraform Cloud Organization Name.
```

    - Click on the "Lock" icon to set Hostname to the hostname of your Terraform

>       Enterprise instance. If you are using the SaaS version of Terraform Cloud,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Cloud or Enterprise instance. If you are using the SaaS version of Terraform Cloud,
```

Reviewer 2: I decided to include both here because the default may be confusing otherwise? Up to your discretion @robin-norwood

      the hostname is `https://app.terraform.io`.    

>     - Set API Team Token to the Terraform Enterprise Team API Token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Set API Team Token to the Terraform Cloud Team API Token.
```

1. Click "Submit".

![Screenshot: ServiceNow Terraform Config](./images/service-now-config.png "Screenshot of the ServiceNow Terraform Config New Record page")

## Create and populate a Service Catalog

> Now that you have connected ServiceNow to Terraform Enterprise, you are ready to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you have connected ServiceNow to Terraform Cloud, you are ready to
```
